we Gabrielle Paradise Cove Bri Gabriel
Paradise Cove miss Paradise Cove Regan
Gabrielle and you enjoy writing songs
your Pepperdine and graduate how do you
balance all that so because you did
really well in school I did I graduated
last April and I'm so happy to be
finished but I'm an actor I'm a dancer I
do so many different things but I think
it's just my passion for all of those
things that keeps driving me and I'm
gonna be doing that for the rest of my
life I love it
very good good luck to you thank you so
much Bri Gabriel Paradise Cove
Rachel Tomita Rachel's notebook hey
Gabriel paradise home Rachel the Mita
Rachel our final spot goes to free
Gabriel Paradise Cove
let's give a round of applause all of
tonight's semi-finalists what an amazing
accomplishment to make it this far good
job ladies
here's a beautiful yo I've never met
anyone as special let me take your handy
kiss Dada
I'll show you your guy and I'll see the
devil watch me take the mule sale with
my bad arm saying that you look famished
girls stop the only thing that's net is
not choking Sookie wallet but it's about
to lose weight I'm about to spend you
know you we be walking around the mall
with two shades she like my style my
swag my sim our first finalist it's Bri
Gabriel Paradise Cove
finally are you ladies ready all right I
think we're ready so let's begin with
Bri Gabriel
hi Bri I know we do look like Christmas
so we want you to pick it's the blue one
first that'll be your Twitter question
so this one comes from act pretty key
she do you think we will ever have a
woman president I think we will we are
such a for moving country and we have
come so close to having a woman
president and I think having a woman
president in this country would be such
a change women have that sixth sense
they have that nurturing capability and
I think it'll be just the change we need
in America awesome now pick your purple
question
okay this question comes from Sean Peron
what world event during your lifetime
has had the greatest impact on your life
I would say 9/11 I was in fourth grade
when that happened I was watching the
QVC network at 6:00 a.m. getting dressed
for school and I walk in to my class and
everyone is crying and they said have
you heard what happened and my best
friend who's here tonight Haley she's an
audience and she was like breathe we're
at war and they just bombed New York and
we both kind of cried together in the
hallway and just couldn't believe what
was happening and that I could happen to
us because we think we're so protected
here in America and the reality is is
that we aren't and we are subjected to
the rest of the world just like
everybody else and it really really
taught me a lesson in life to just
expect the unexpected and always be
prepared so thank you thank you very
much thank you so much
alright once again Paradise Cove Greater
Hollywood
Jessica Rice Venice Beach
the third runner-up is Natasha Martinez
greater Hollywood
the second runner-up is Bri Gabriel
Paradise Cove